you'll see
time to wrap it up
just a few more minutes
[Music]
I saw my house from space not literally
that my life
yeah there it is
excuse me major Goodwin has a theory
that he can tell who's walked in space
just by looking at it is more than
theory you keep your eye on this one so
show you how it's done
I'm so proud of you lobbying on the moon
and back
you know Michael Collins gosh the Apollo
11 definitely the command module for
neon buzz so you know that after he
dropped them he circled the moon for
hours inside the module he wrote I am
now truly alone and absolutely alone
from any known life I am it I need to
get back at there ya know the younger so
you're just gonna have to work harder
look at you straight arrow never the
other thing wrong in your life I've done
plenty of things wrong really
hit me
[Music]
dr. Plimpton said you skipped in your
last recessions I'm giving everything to
this program to the mission kills me to
say it but her girls been prayin
consistently negative I can see she's
tough cookie if the laptop not ever
working in all right I'm pulling you out
of the running for a riot no if I were a
man you excuse me I know what you're
doing but you can old house it this is
not a drill cadet grab a stuff what I do
with her I'm officially beginning to
worry she acting so strangely
[Music]
I'm good all systems go
what's it like up there only players
worry anything makes sense I hear that
[Music]
you